Please contact Franck Sidi (fsidi@sybase.com) for any questions on
this file or creating the Sybase ECperf database(s).

Tasks:

Input:

	Mode : Standard/Distributed
	ScaleFactor: s
	Physical device location to be used:

		Raw Devices ?
			Not supported now. Need to modify scripts manually
		File System ?
			Specify the Directory name under which device files 
			are to be created. 

			We assume this is a fresh ASE installation and 
			enough vdevnumbers(10 for this) are available
			We will calculate the max used vdevno and start 
			after that. (We will also check if enough devices
			have been configured.)

			We will not create device for tempdb.

			Database names are fixed
				For Standard create a single DB 
					ecperfdb : 
						ecperfdata.dev   140MB * S
						ecperflog.dev     15MB * S(min 30MB)
				For Distributed create 4 DBs 
					corpdb  :  
						corpdbdata.dev    20MB * S
						corpdblog.dev      2MB * S(min 4 MB)
					orderdb :  
						orderdbdata.dev   50MB * S
						orderdblog.dev     5MB * S(Min 10MB)
					mfgdb   :  
						mfgdbdata.dev     22MB * S
						mfgdblog.dev       3MB * S(Min 5MB)
					supplierdb :  
						supplierdbdata.dev 38MB * S
						supplierdblog.dev   4MB * S(Min 8MB)

	Create the tables(execute the schema_?.sql sql scripts)


createdevice.sh Done (need to run once for each DB)
-- Get current max vdevno used
-- get max devices configured
-- if mode = S we need 2 vdevno
-- else we need 8 vdevno
-- if we don't have enough return error
-- do disk init for the required devices


createdb.sh   Done (need to run once for each DB)
-- if mode = S we create 1 DB
-- else we create 4 DBs
-- do the required create databases 


Now run the other scripts (Done)

NOTE on schema :

Null/Not Null 

If you do not specify null or not null, Adaptive Server uses not null by 
default, unlike Oracle which is using null by default. However, you can switch 
this default using sp_dboption to make the default compatible with the SQL 
standards. If you specify (or imply) not null for the newly added column, a 
default clause is required. 

Propose to explicitly specify null during the creation of table if column allow 
null. 

Example : 
create table C_parts (..., p_lomark int null, p_himark int null)
