$Id: README,v 1.8 2004/05/18 23:27:46 skawamo Exp $

This directory includes a set of tools for analyzing execution behavior.
                                              Mar/24/2004 S.Kawamoto
                                  modified    Mar/30/2004 S.Kawamoto
 	                          modified    Apr/08/2004 S.Kawamoto
 	                          modified    Apr/23/2004 S.Kawamoto
 	                          modified    Apr/27/2004 S.Kawamoto
 	                          modified    May/06/2004 S.Kawamoto

How to install:

 Run Configure at this directory. 


How to use:

1. time-average.awk
  It calculates the average execution time of each servlets. 
  It requires a trace file of the client simulator as its argument.

    usage:  time-average.awk  trace_client0.html

2. plotservlet.sh
  It produces a graph of the execution time of a servlet and 
  saves it as the postscript file. It requires two arguments. 
  One is a trace file of the client simulator. The other is a 
  name of a servlet. The name of output postscript file is the 
  name of the servlet with the suffix ps.  	

    usage: plotservlet.sh  trace_client0.html  BrowseCategories

3. plotservlets.sh
  This script produces the graphis of execution time of all servlets.
  Output files are placed in the servlets directory.
  It requires trace file of the client emulator as its argument.

    usage: plotservlets.sh trace_client0.html

4. plotgc.sh
  It produces two graphs and saves them as the png files,
  "gc.png", "cummulativegc.png" respectively. Gc.png is 
  the graph of the behavior of garbage collection (GC). 
  Cummulativegc.png is the graph of the cummulative gc time.
  It requres a client emulator's log file, jboss log file and 
  gc log file. In order to produce the log, run java with 
  -verboase:gc -Xloggc:logfilename option.

    usage: plotgc.sh  trace_client0.html jboss-log gc-log

5. plotmemory.sh 
  This script produces a graph which indicates the used and total
  memory of the system. Output is a png file named memory.png.
  It requires two file names as its arguments. First argument is the
  name of the trace file and second one is the name of the name of 
  jboss log.

   usage: plotmemory.sh  trace_client0.html  server.log

6. plotsession.sh
  This script produces a graph which indicates the lifetime of each 
  user session. Output is a postscript file named session.ps.
  It requires a file name of trace file as its argument. 

   usage: plotsession.sh  trace_client0.html

7. ssm.awk
  This script produces each execution time of SSM write operation.
  It requires jboss log file as its argument. 

   usage: ssm.awk  jboss-log 

8. plotresponsetime.sh
  This script produces a graph of the response time of each requests.
  It requires log file of client emulator as its argument.

   usage: plotresponsetime.sh  trace_client0.html

9. statistic.sh
  This script calculate minimum, maximum, average and standard deviation 
  of given set of values. The set of values is extracted from the 
  given file. Only the values that are wrapped by prefix pattern and 
  suffix pattern are extracted. This script print its result to 
  standard output. 
 
   usage: statistic.sh prefix_pattern suffix_pattern filename

10. plotresponsetime2.sh
  This script produces a graph of the response time of each requests 
  from user operations record "user_ops.dat". This is much accurate 
  than plotresponsetime.sh. It requires the file "user_ops.dat" as 
  its argumetn.

   usage: plotresponsetime2.sh  user_ops.dat
