
Petstore known bugs
-------------------

Verified
--------

(from google cache of IBM's Websphere 5.0 release notes)

 2. Creating new account causes duplicate key exceptions.
    New accounts can be created several ways in Pet Store.
    If "Account" is selected from a Pet Store screen, before a 
    user has signed in, they are presented with the option
    of signing in or creating a new account. If a new account 
    is created in this flow, it will fail with duplicate 
    key exceptions. To create a new account select "Sign in"
    from a Pet Store screen, new accounts in this scenario 
    can be created.

My debugging notes (before I found these relnotes and gave up)
    It seems that in com.sun.j2ee.blueprints.waf.controller.web.MainServlet
    both lines 104 and 116 *eventually* cause an EJBCreate to be
    called for the given customer.  force a stack trace at CustomerEJB.EJBCreate()
    to see both calls.
    -> opinion: bug in either c.s.j.b.waf.controller.web.flow.ScreenFlowManager
       in the function surrounding line 157, or a bug in the screen flow
       definition.






Unverified
----------

(from google cache of IBM's Websphere 5.0 release notes)

 3. Passwords are not compared when creating a new account.
    When creating a new account, a password must be provided.
    The first "Password" field is not compared for a match
    with the second "Password (Repeat)" field.
 4. Account information is displayed incorrectly. Your
    account information is displayed when "Account" is
    selected or during the check out process. First and Last
    name are switched, the Credit Card Name shows the
    expiration date, and Expiration Date shows the wrong date.
 5. The Pet Store Item screen shows a picture of the product
    to be purchased a long with a "List Price" and "Your
    Price". The list price is greater than your price. Items
    added to the shopping cart are added with the more 
    expensive "List Price".
 6. When an item is added to the shopping cart it is added
    with an initial quantity of one. That quantity can be
    adjusted to a higher number in the shopping cart. If that
    same item is re-added to the shopping cart, the adjusted 
    quantity is reset to one.
 7. The option to forcefully repopulate the Pet Store database
    fails with an internal server error (HTTP 500 - The page
    cannot be displayed). Refrain from using this option.


